ffmpeg decode utility class cleanup (#616)
ROCm/rocDecode: CHANGELOG.md

* AVC stream DPB buffer size change handling through decoder reconfiguration.
* rocdecode now uses the Cmake CMAKE_PREFIX_PATH directive.
* rocdecode - A new avcodec-based decoder built as a separate "rocdecode-host" library

> * videoDeode sample - changed host backend to use rocdecode-host library

Reviewer: Does this change affect any of the docs as well?

```suggestion
* The host backend in the `videoDeode`  sample now uses the rocdecode-host library
```

Author: No. It is already mentioned in the documentation. We are just changing the implementation to use the rocdecodehost library
